"It would be interesting to see the Laws of Physics changing slowly over time"

"What if I have no passion?"

"Well, isn't that a great thing?!"

"What!? No!"

"Yes it is. Everyone else is stuck on a singular path that their passion takes them. They don't get to choose what they want to do anymore. You, young one, you get to try out anything and everything! You see this list of things to do? Go through it. Look for the one that sounds most exciting. Learn it. Do it. Try your hardest at it. Don't like it in the end? Continue through the list."

"Throwing money at a government program won't do anything to improve it. Money's like fuel, and filling up a shitty car with more fuel will just make it run longer. If you want a faster car, replace the car!"

"You say that all humans are made equal. That's bullshit. You're given a decision to save one person, and your choice is to save a serial killer and an inventor who invented FTL travel. Who are you going to save? And why? Why the inventor and not the killer? Because the inventor will bring a positive benefit to humanity while the killer will bring a negative benefit to humanity. There. Bam! We just measured the value of a human." 

"Someone stole my laundry! Why would anyone do that???!?!?!?!!"

Lower levels = easy, cute monsters, and you kill them!

Which explains the aggression the other monsters have

You guys are invading the homes of another species

And stealing their treasure

In this universe, many different inhabitants live on their planet Earth

"Ever since the beginning of animalkind, we have been interested in the floating islands. No one knows why they are there, but many hypothesize that there must be a super advanced civilization living in the skies above us."

"They gave us rain. They gave us snow. But they also give us meteor showers that result in many deaths."

"Some are frustrated with the Gods. Some are in awe at them."

"It is 1982, and animalkind has created the capability to fly."

"The first explorers that landed on the islands never came back."

"Several teams were sent to retrieve them, but to the horror of the teams, the islands were infested with monsters."

"Many leading scientists believe that the Ancients had somehow destroyed themselves."

"You are part of the team to unearth the ruins from one of the largest islands ever seen. This island was first sighted a century ago, and never seen again."

"There has been a colony established there. That will be where you begin your journey."



"The discovery of monsters on the islands of the Ancients have shaken the Royal Church's core. The Book of Endless Wisdom is said to have fallen from one of the islands. It has been deciphered by scholars and its rules and sayings have been in place ever since. The Book of Endless Wisdom has brought peace to our civilization, it would be a shame if the general public no longer followed it."

"Look! Carvings! In our language! How could this be? I thought the Ancients wrote in a different language..."

"The Book of Endless Wisdom...it was all a sham!"

"It's....it's a ship! It's a ship!"
"????"
"...The tower...it's a ship? What kind of ship stands vertically?"
"It must be a ship to the heavens! Maybe the Ancients left behind these islands as a test for us! This is their invitation! This is it! This was all a test! The book was the hint, the islands and monsters were all a test!"
"Where are the ancients living then?"
"According to the sketches, and the fact that the ship is aimed directly at the moon...They must be living on the moon!"
 
 There are two major floating islands: and , and a bunch of smaller islands. Each major floating island floats on the ends of the continent. Because of this, the two books - Infinite and Endless Wisdom, which also came from the opposite sides, led to the creation of two nations. (As will be seen in interactions with NPC's and background chit-chat), you'll discover that your nation was the first nation to develop flight, and has established colonies on both islands.
 
 Note: Pennis was beat up because of (still deciding reasons): having a different fur color, having a different sexual orientation,
 
 Note: All Dungeons will have a randomly generated but finite amount of monsters. The more monsters you kill, the less mooks you'll have for the final battle - which means the game adjusts difficulty based on how skilled you are autonomously - you're good at fighting? Less mooks for you!
 
 Note: Only you, Pennie, your Commander, the General, and two Captains will have the power to use crystals
 
The game starts with the prologue introducing the floating islands. The Floating Islands have been a source of awe and wonder for your civilization. The year is 1942 (for this specific universe), and your species has finally invented flight. The first explorers of the Floating Islands never came back. As more teams were sent in however, they discover something horrible: the islands were not inhabited by wise, ancient beings, rather the islands were filled with ancient ruins and has been overtaken by monster-looking species. This discovery shook the entire fabric of history for your species, as your species became civilized after, according to legend, a book fell from one of the islands onto a man. The man and scholars deciphered the book - now referred to as the Book of Infinite Wisdom, declared themselves divine rulers, and has ever since brought peace and happiness to the world. However, another Book, referred to as the Book of Endless Wisdom fell onto another man, and he created his own civilization that would become the rival of your nation. The discovery of monsters on the Floating Islands shakes the fabric of history because the reason why the Book of Infinite Wisdom was followed was because people believed that the Ancients were infinitely glorious and had shared their wisdom to bring peace to us. But because we now know that the Ancients have been long gone, it is of dubious trust.

The rivalry between the two major nations has caused extreme tension. There are rumors of the Kings preparing to declare war on each other.

You wake up on an airship that has landed. You get out and enter the harbor where you are greeted by your Commander and Klutz (the Commander's assistant). The Commander tells you all the basic introductory information and trains you in combat.

After you finish training, you enter your first Dungeon where you face off against adorable slimes and stuff. In your first Dungeon, you encounter a glimpse of a mysterious figure trailing you.

After you finish your first Dungeon, the Commander congratulates you. They begin working on expanding the colony. You go on your second Dungeon run. In the second Dungeon you find a little girl asleep and holding onto a crystal. You wake her up, and together clear the Dungeon and return back to camp. The girl is Pennie.

One of the colonists tenses up when he sees her, which creates suspicision. The Commander gives you a few rewards. The girl rests for a while. You go on your third Dungeon run, where you feel like you're being stalked. You fall through a trap and encounter your first Power Gem. The first Gem is the Time Gem, which allows you to reset by a specified amount of time in case you encounter any issues. You also get a adorable Jirachi spirit that follows you (the Spirit is attached to the Time Gem).

You return to the colony and talk about your injuries, your discovery, and the feeling of being stalked by a mysterious figure. The Commander reasons that as we enter deeper into the island, there must be more dangerous monsters, and assigns you Klutz to join the team. Klutz is worried about the girl, and depending on how you communicate, you might get Pennie to join your team as well. You go on your next Dungeon run. In this Dungeon Run, you will be forced to use your Time Crystal where you learn that only you will remember the events that you reset.

IF Pennie doesn't join your team, she will get attacked by the colonists, and it is up to you and your team to save her in an additional Dungeon run. The colonists had attacked her and plans on finishing her off when you arrive. The colonists look fearful and keeps saying "She's going to tell the Mayor! She's going to tell the Mayor! She's acting all innocent!" before you either calm them, knock them out, or kill them.

IF Pennie joins your team, you will face the colonists AFTER learning about how Pennie ended up in the Dungeon.

After returning from your fourth OR fifth dungeon run, you and your teammates begin socializing. The next day, you discover that your childhood friend has arrived on the island, and you recruit him/her to your team. 

After your next Dungeon Run, you begin reaching the deeper parts of the island and seeing ancient ruins. The Commander calls you up and tells you the whole point of the colony: to create a base to conduct research on the ruins and excavate for ancient technologies that will be helpful for a potential war with the rival nation. The Commander tells you about the Researcher, his/her research, and your goal to escort him/her to the heart of the Island.

In this Dungeon Run, you will face your first Boss the Giant Slime. You encounter a barrier around the Central Tower, and you're notified that there are four gates that have generated a force field around the Tower. You encircle the Tower and disable all the shields (each shield is guarded by a boss). As you encircle the Tower, you will find the mysterious figure, who turns out to be an orphan. S/he will join your team for now. The Orphan will occasionally talk about the inhabitants of the island and will push you to minimize killing as you encircle the Tower. Also, many more Bosses appear. The final boss will attempt to speak to you.

Once you break the barrier, your team enters the Tower and descends to the hidden interior of the island. Within there, your team discovers that the Tower is actually a ship that is designed to sail through the Celestial Ocean (space). You head back to the Colony to report the news, but instead find it empty. You also find a few masked people who are hung. With nothing else to do, your team decides to head back and activate the Ship and head towards the Heavens. However, of your up to 5 teammates, only 2 can come with you because of space.

You guys discover that the planet is actually spherical as opposed to flat as the Book of Infinite Wisdom said. You also realize that YOUR planet is actually the moon, and that your moon is the planet that your home orbits. The rocket lands autonomously on the planet. You discover only ruins, and a holographic message that talks about a large war that resulted in the complete destruction of the planet (the degredation of free will and thought and how in the end a war was started that resulted in the complete destruction of the planet.) One of your teammates, realizing a parallel to what is going on in the politics of the current state urges the team to hurry back and prevent the war from beginning.

Once your team arrives back, you discover a barren wasteland filled with dead bodies of countless people. The teammates you left behind (as you could only take 2) are presumed to be dead as well. You see a rocket in the distant being fired. Connecting the information with what the Researcher knows about the opposing nation's weapons R&D and the politics of our own nation, the Researcher concludes that the island was used as a bomber to bomb the opposing nation; however, the opposing nation had a secret weapon: missiles, which caused the island to be hit and crashland on its own nation. You ask the Time Sprite to reset time for you, and the Time Sprite obliges. You are sent all the way back to the beginning of encircling the tower. The Time Sprite warns that since the time difference is significant, the flow of time might crash if you encounter yourself.

In an effort to prevent the War from beginning, you and your team head back to the Colony and announce your discoveries. Since only you and the Time Sprite remember the events (everyone else has been reset), your teammates are shocked. The closer ones will feel very sad and be confused while the further ones will denounce you and call you crazy. The crowd begins to riot. The next day, the army arrives. You and your teammates are all taken to custody for causing unrest and executed. You can attempt to save as many friends as possible. (And you should, because any of them you don't save will be unable to saved in the future.)

The Time Sprite resets time again this time further back. You'll notice that the Time Sprite originally had 3 bands, but now has 1 left. The Time Sprite explains that its capable of reseting time beyond the normal range of the crystal at the cost of consuming parts of itself. Once all the bands are gone, the Time Sprite will die. You are at before you began clearing dungeons for the Colony. You discover what happened to Pennie before she was left to die, and saved by the native inhabitants of the island. (you could prevent this from happening if you consume the Time Sprites' last band; however, Pennie will also lose her ability to use Crystals (since that power came from being saved and revived by the native inhabitants of the island). Also you have the option of fighting the colonists, whether or not you consume the last band) You begin talking to the Bosses (guardians of the island) and discuss your discoveries and hope to work for cooperation. Depending on how well you do, you might be able to get certain species' bosses to cooperate with you (the more the better). You also try to avoid yourself (the game will save your exact movements) (you realize that "stalked" feeling is actually YOU stalking yourself). You have to use strategy to prevent your old self from killing as many inhabitants as possible - throwing stuff, and telling monsters to stay away from your path (making you think you cleared the whole dungeon). You can also recruit your Commander.

As your old self begins encircling the Tower, you stalk your old self and (Attempt) to revive as many of the Bosses as you can. If you OVERKILL bosses from the past, they will die. The closer your final hit is to their full HP, the higher probability of them staying alive when your current self arrives and revives them. ("It seems as if your old self has dealt too much damage. Chief Lagoon has no chance of being revived...")The Tower's shields are disabled, and your old self travels to space. During this time, the Royal Army begins arriving, and you begin reactivating the shields, amassing native inhabitants of the islands to join you, finding your teammates, and collecting as many crystals as possible.

The Final Boss is the Royal Army General. He too has the power to control Gems. He and his army begins to assult the base of the empty Tower. You and your team fight back. He will be surprised that you also have the power of the Crystals. Nevertheless, when you do beat him, he will call reinforcements and fall back (not dying). You contemplate on what to do. Then you realize that you could descend the empty Tower to the basement of the island. You begin disabling the island's floatation and it crash lands into the ocean, preventing it from being used as a Bomber and the War as a whole.

You learn of other islands being used as bombers, and quickly evacuate citizens to the crashlanded island. After you finish, you work with the military of the other nation, and begin sabotaging one of the other island. You have one final battle with the Royal Army General, once you win, you begin destroying the floatation devices of the island. (Note: IN the final battle, the floating island, the bombs, and the levitation devices are destroyable. Because of the time limit, you CANNOT simply kill the Royal Army General, you have to manipulate him to help you destroy the devices) It descends, but instead of crashlanding to the sea, it crashlands onto the land, causing a massive explosion. You get out of the island, barely alive, and smile as you see a shooting star begin landing on Earth.

(Depending on whether or not the Time Sprite is still alive), the Time Sprite notes that you have created the exact same scenario you have seen when you came back, but this time, unlike the previous one, you have prevented War. You rejoin your friends and watch as the sun rises again.


Note:
The Time Gem doesn't actually allow for a full reset of time. Instead, it clones the user and inserts the user into a specific point in time. The user CAN specify for ANOTHER person to be reset (cloned and inserted to a specific point in time). Which means you CAN save your friends (such as saving Pennie from her horrible fate will cause a time collapse, which consumes the Time Sprite's last band, and thus this action is considered reseting time for another person). You can also save friends who weren't saved from execution, but this too will cause the Time Sprite to consume its last band. (Which means in the end you can only allow ONE of your teammates to die, but at the cost of the Time Sprite)




only to discover that the Researcher is taken away. Your team is forced to disband, and you and Pennie are taken into custody.

You break out, save Pennie, and find your teammates. 


Ever since the beginning of mankind, we have been interested in the floating islands.

They are said to be of an ancient civilization far greater than we ever were.

Now, we have developed the ability to fly.

The first explorers were disturbed to find monsters.

It seems like the ancients were experimenting with 

The tower in the middle of the island isn't a tower. It's a rocket.


The invasion. It won't happen. The Book of Infinite Knowledge was a lie. It's all written by our elders.


No, the Book of Infinite Knowledge wasn't entirely a lie. Some parts are remnants from the previous civilization.



Pennie - a young colonist who was stranded from her party. She is kept safe by the dungeon's inhabitants, and provided a crystal to keep her alive. It is implied that she was attacked by her own party and left to die. "a fate worse than death". When she fights monsters, a few monsters will create frowny emoticons, and be reluctant to attack her.

???? - a young colonist whose adoptive father recognized the intelligence and empathy of the dungeon's inhabitants and sought to protect them. The adoptive father was arrested, and the colonist became orphaned. He is raised by the inhabitants of the dungeon. When he fights monsters, a few monsters will be extra aggressive, while a few monsters will run away from him.

???? - your childhood friend who joins you to form a team to conquer dungeons. Depending on a lot of situations s/he might join your final team

???? - a klutz who was assigned to help you during the formation of your team. Depending on a lot of situations s/he might join your final team

???? - the captain of the team you're assigned to. S/he is extremely competent and skilled in the arts of battle.

???? - researcher. S/he will decipher ancient text for you. Your job is to protect her while escorting her to the center of the island



